we share
our planet with spectacular wild animals
which have adapted to live in the
strangest
and harshest of environments
now more than ever they are an
inspiration
for us all
[Music]
and in these extraordinary times there
is one thing
that can offer solace to everyone
the wonder of the natural world
[Music]
to raise our spirits during the pandemic
we brought together composer han zimmer
and jacob shea and
top selling artist dave
to create a visual and musical feast
from the hottest deserts
[Music]
to the freezing poles
and from highest mountains
to mysterious kingdoms underwater
[Music]
this is planet earth a celebration
never before in the history of humankind
has it been more critical to protect and
nurture
the natural world
which is after all our home
too
you